feat(capture-sdk): (#161)
gini/gini-mobile-android: capture-sdk/sdk/src/doc/source/features.rst

    will not be ready at the time your app starts the camera screen and QR code detection will be silently disabled
    until the next time the camera screen starts.

Only QR Code Scanning
----------------

> The app supports QR code only scanning. To enable this feature simply pass ``true`` to ``GiniCapture.Builder.setOnlyQRCodeScanning``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app supports QR code only scanning mode. To enable this feature simply pass ``true`` to ``GiniCapture.Builder.setOnlyQRCodeScanning``.
```

> When enabled this feature removes all UI elements related to taking picture from the Camera screen and leaves only QR code related UI elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this feature removes all UI elements related to taking pictures from the Camera screen and leaves only QR code-related UI elements.
```
